feat(auto-instrumentations-node)!: disable @opentelemetry/instrumentation-fastify by default (#2652)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib: metapackages/auto-instrumentations-node/README.md

- [@opentelemetry/instrumentation-dataloader](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib/tree/main/plugins/node/instrumentation-dataloader)
- [@opentelemetry/instrumentation-dns](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib/tree/main/plugins/node/opentelemetry-instrumentation-dns)
- [@opentelemetry/instrumentation-express](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib/tree/main/plugins/node/opentelemetry-instrumentation-express)
- [@opentelemetry/instrumentation-fastify](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib/tree/main/plugins/node/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastify) (deprecated, default disabled)
  - This component is **deprecated** in favor of the official instrumentation package [`@fastify/otel`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fastify/otel), maintained by the Fastify authors.
    - Please see [here](https://github.com/fastify/otel?tab=readme-ov-file#usage) for instructions on how to use `@fastify/otel`.

>   - This component will be removed on March 25, 2025

Author: ```suggestion
  - This component will be removed on June 30, 2025
```
